Create contributing.md (#48)
openssh-rust/openssh: contributing.md

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be

> dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or conditions

Reviewer: "above" here still doesn't work because there's no mention about dual-licensing in the text above this line. The "above" is referring to the text that stands above where this text was copied from in README.md

Author: I finally figured this out!

I forgot to copy the `LICENSE` section.

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in the work by you, as defined in the Apache-2.0 license, shall be

> dual licensed as above, without any additional terms or conditions.

Reviewer: I think this needs to say "as stated in the `README.md`"

Author: Done.

### Run integration tests

Requires `docker` and [`cargo-hack`].

Check [getting Docker guide](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) on how to install docker,
and use `cargo install cargo-hack` to install [`cargo-hack`].

```
./run_ci_tests.sh
```

> It will create a container which runs sshd, setup ssh-agent, and environment variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will create a container which runs sshd, set up an ssh-agent, and set environment variables
```

that are required to run the integration tests.

> 

Reviewer: I'd remove this separator line.

Author: Done.

It will also test different combination of feature flags to ensure they all compile without error.

[`cargo-hack`]: https://github.com/taiki-e/cargo-hack

### Build documentation

Requires nightly cargo.

To install nightly cargo, run `rustup toolchain install nightly`.

```
./build_doc.sh

> ```

Reviewer: I'd just skip this — it's not something most devs will are about I don't think.

Author: Done.
